# Challenges
While building the Workout Log java project we have faced many challenges. Some challenges were more difficult than others and here are the two most difficult ones.
## [Challenge 1: Saving a file while running our app with Maven (Issue 16)](https://gitlab.stud.idi.ntnu.no/it1901/groups-2024/gr2405/gr2405/-/issues/16)
At milestone 1 we were struggling to be able to save our results to a file. Whenever we would try to run it we would get the error message app\core\src\main\resources\core\datastorage\workout-data.txt (The system cannot find the file specified). Sometimes, we would change the filepath for the file in the code and we would get the same error, but with a different path. However, most of the time we would change the path to something else without seeing any change in the error message.
To solve the problem we tried, among other things: Adding the .txt file to the pom file, moving the file to root and changing the path to root, copying the filepath from the file to ensure no spelling mistakes, moving the .txt file to the same folder as the code that tries to access it and running on different operating systems.
What solved the issue was going up to root level in the filepath by adding a /../ to the beginning of the filepath. This was because the program was run from the ui because that is where the class launching the app lies.
We learned to be more aware of which directories we are running our code from and the importance of using clean when experiencing problems with Maven.
## [Challenge 2: REST api (Issue 52 + others)](https://gitlab.stud.idi.ntnu.no/it1901/groups-2024/gr2405/gr2405/-/issues/52)
The largest part of milestone 3 was to turn our app from an app that runs only locally on the user’s machine to a client and server that communicates using a REST api. Being by far the most technically advanced feature in the entire project, requiring retrofitting the project into the Spring Boot framework well into its production and learn how it implements the http protocol.
First we tried doing all other tasks, so that we all could work on the REST api together. After deciding it was not the best approach we split our group into two. One group focusing on the REST api and the other doing the remaining tasks that still needed to be done.
We learned to adjust our strategy to fit the problem, and have gained a better understanding of the Spring Boot framework and how you can use it to create a RESTful application.
