# Work distribution

For this release, everyone has contributed to adding additional features to the app. We also wanted everyone to get a grasp of what an API consists of, and what the purpose of it is. Therefore, at the beginning of release 3, we decided to have everyone learn about it. As time went on, we found it would be inefficient to have everyone work on API, so we delegated different tasks to everyone. Two of us continued working on the API and the other two worked on more features and documentation.

- **Arild:** Main focus this release has been documentation. For additional features, he added a "clear all" button co-authored by Eline. For documentation, he created the diagrams, and wrote about our biggest challenges in the project.
- **Ingvild:** Main focus this release has been API. For additional features, she added functionality to edit a workout by double clicking it, along with tests for the editing method. She has also contributed to documentation, by writing the user stories for our additional functionality. She also worked on and resolved a significant bug we had with the app tests.
- **Ida:** The main focus for this release has been to implement the rest API. She pair programmed the rest api and tests of the workoutApi module with Ingvild and wrote the integration test for this. For additional features, she added the functionality to add dates to the workouts and showing it in the GUI, along with sorting the workout log by date. She also added testing needed for this functionality.
- **Eline:** Main focus this release has been additional features and documentation. For additional features, she added a "delete" button co-authored by Arild, along with tests for clearing and deleting workout(s). She added a welcome window that the user is greeted with when launching the app, and she added an edit button, using similar logic to Ingvild's edit by double clicking. For documentation, she wrote the discussion of sustainability in our app and documentation for contribution of each member.
